today on Oso Grande knives calm we are
looking at the zero tolerance model Oh 9
bayonet this is the latest collaboration
between zero tolerance knives and
Strider knives and it is built Strider
tough you can see the signature of
Strider by looking at this knife and
it's just a stout heavy-duty bayonet
fixed blade combat knife is full tang
the blade is 1/4 inch thick so it's just
incredibly sturdy and strong the blade
steel is the high-performance
american-made CPM s30v steel it's a
high-end stainless steel it has a nice
sweat ground tip on the blade Kershaw ZT
style serrations on the cutting edge
there's some jimping here on the forward
portion of the blade in case you decide
to choke up on it you can move forward
into this finger choil and choke up like
so on this side of the blade it says
made in USA and it's got the part number
the zt9 on there over here you have the
strider knives logo and the ZT logo
their collaboration the handles are g10
and they're fastened on by hex head
bolts very heavy duty this would be how
you would attach it on to your bayonet
lug this will fit the m4 m16 ar-15
series of rifles and when it's mounted
it extends a full 6 inches beyond the
barrel the muzzle and it's significantly
stouter than any of the other bayonets
that are on the market it's just a
heavy-duty solid piece when you're not
mounting it on your rifle or you want to
carry it as a knife
it comes with a very nice Kydex belt
mount sheath it also has a removable
drop leg extender so you can mount it up
high or you can mount it in a drop leg
fashion either way it's got slots and
eyelets so that you can mount it onto
tactical gear as well
the finish is Stone wash the blade steel
is the s30v it's got the textured g10
Ranger green handles overall blade
length measures in at seven and a half
inches the overall length is 12.5 inches
and the weight is one pound three point
four ounces without the sheath one pound
fifteen point two ounces with the sheath
these are entirely made in the USA if
you're looking for the one of the
stoutest if not feast outis bayonet
fixed blade the zero tolerance strider
collaboration m9 bayonet is definitely a
premium choice you can buy these at Oso
Grande knives com
thank you for watching and please stay
tuned for more knife reviews